(a) Waterfall: As we have to make a simple data processing project, we can use the Waterfall model for that as our requirements are well-defined
    and the Waterfall model is suitable for simple projects.

(b) Prototyping: As we have to make our project user-friendly, client interaction (feedback) is very much important. So, we can use the Prototyping
    model or the Evolutionary model.

(c) Incremental: As we need many features that can be implemented using basic features, we can use the Incremental model. First, we can implement 
    basic features and then we can add more features that use these basic features.

(d) Agile: As requirements are changing fast, and an in-house development team is available for all aspects of the project, we can definitely use 
    the Agile model here.

(e) Agile: As we need frequent new releases of our website, we can certainly use the Agile model.

(f) Spiral: The Spiral model will be suitable for this project as it emphasizes on risk assessment.

(g) Evolutionary: Virtual reality systems require continuous improvement and adaptation to evolving maintenance needs, the Evolutionary model 
    will be the best fit for this project.

(h) Incremental: We can use the Incremental model as we need to replace an existing system and the Incremental model is the best choice for that.

(i) Incremental: As we need an interactive system, using the incremental model will be a good idea as it accommodates regular feedback from stakeholders.

(j) Spiral: The Spiral model focuses on risk assessment which is the major part in our project that needs to be considered.

(k) Agile: Agile model is highly suited for these kinds of emergencies where we need quick responses to changing requirements.

(l) Spiral: We can use the Spiral model here because it is best suited where potential risks can have serious consequences.

(m) Waterfall: As there won’t be any change in requirements, we can use the Waterfall model for this project as it is best suited for the projects 
    where the requirements are well-understood and there can be minimal changes.
